now next the very latest on the Israel
Gaza War the United Nations is warning
that an even more hellish scenario is
about to unfold in the Gaza Strip with
the World Health Organization saying the
situation is getting worse by the hour
the Israeli military is intensifying its
ground operations in the South with what
it described as aggressive actions
against Hamas and other armed groups in
Khan yunes well this is what you're
seeing now the latest footage from the
Israel Defense Forces it's also released
a video of ground troops moving moving
through building shooting at Hamas in
Gaza we don't know where or when the
footage was filmed but take a
look well hospitals say they are
overwhelmed with new arrivals you want
to show you some pictures from inside
One hospital in Khan Unice a warning
however you may find some of these
images very distressing as they show
injured children being treated on flaws
well doctors and medical staff at the
NASA Hospital say they are struggling to
treat the influx of injured patients you
can see that very young patients are
being treated on the floors ambulances
and private cars are also being used to
bring wounded people to the medical
facility Well D James Elder from UNICEF
has recently returned from Gaza he told
us what He himself had
witnessed hospitals is absolute War
zones you know blood streaming on the
floor children with multiple wounds the
burns Gareth you see on a little boy or
girl but the burns come with shrapnel uh
and then of course those people who who
are not um who have not not in hospitals
are are fleeing they're in panic you
know every time you turn a corner
there's a new suburb that has 5,000
people who' made a makeshift home they
they simply don't know where to go
there's an anxiety that is palpable
among people because every time they
move they're moving to somewhere further
away from those other Essentials of
life okay well with more developments on
this here's our Middle East
correspondent yolan
[Music]
Nell more casualties pouring into this
Hospital in kenun this
morning even brought in by dony
cart Medics struggling to find space for
the dozens of wounded
Palestinians say more than 30 were
killed in an Israeli strike and shelling
close to a un school which was crowded
with displaced
people they launched mortars at us at
night we were scared and didn't sleep
cries this boy all night we were reading
the
Quran on the move once again Israel has
issued evacuation orders affecting tens
of thousands of Palestinians as it
advances on Ken Yunis and today amid the
intense fighting many people who'd fled
here from Northern Gaza headed even
further
south safety can only be provided by God
there's no safe place in Gaza we were in
Gaza City in a place we were told would
be safe then they brought us to hanun
and now from hanun to
Rafa one un official is accusing Israel
of repeating Horrors from past weeks but
Israel's military says it's taking time
to plan more precise action in southern
Gaza and stop innocent people being
killed while we've been operating we are
ensuring that there is minimum harm to
civilians with soldiers on the ground
going from building to building we've
been making again with everything we
have our uh uh in our capabilities every
effort we can to facilitate the movement
of civilians in the south in order to
mitigate civilian
casualties Israel says it's still
fighting intense battles across the Gaza
Strip as it attempts to topple Hamas but
as it heads into Khan yunes where it's
believed top Hamas officials may be
hiding underground it's readying for
some of its toughest combat
yet